The Riken Keiki GP-1000 is a compact and lightweight gas detector with high sensitivity for the detection of hydrocarbons. The measurement is performed for this purpose by means of catalytic sensor. The GP-1000 has a built-in pump with pump booster function and a direct selection from a list of 25 hydrocarbons for exact alignment of the target gas - Only calibration on CH$_{4}$ is necessary.

The Riken Keiki 100vvtable single Hydrogen and Combustible gas detectors.

There are 3 standard models: GP-1000: 0-10%LEL / 0-100%LEL › LEL detector NC-1000: 0-1000ppm / 0-10000ppm › PPM detector

Direct reading of the concentration values of combustible gases of 25 gases (5 NP-1000).

Easy operation feature of changing the gas name display with 1 switch button.

Long distance drawing possible with the pump booster function.

Various combustible gases can be measured by the ppm order with NC-1000.

TBS is a unique turnkey portable gas detection solution, giving you increased safety and substantial cost savings through standardised instruments, routines, training and procurement.

At any given time we know the status of all vessels and sites covered by The Bruusgaard System. We consolidate all shipments and make sure you have everything you need on board until next scheduled delivery. This results in fewer shipments and substantial savings!

Year round follow up of instruments, spares and consumables

Handling of all shipments & logistics

Annual reports per vessel including budgeting

QA - strict routines and logging

Crew are able to use instruments and follow routines correctly

Instruments are in proper working condition at all times

Instruments are calibrated at correct intervals

Sensors and other items are replaced at correct intervals

Usage of instruments is logged, including abnormal observations

Traceability - instrument history and usage

Routines and procedures can merge into the overall QA-system

Effective and proven training is an integrated part of The Bruusgaard System.

All the equipment used for gas detection and calibration is placed in a custom-made wall cabinet. Including Log & Instruction Manual, which are crucial to maintaining the safety integrity.

Standardised vessel specific gas detector solutions

Total solutions including all equipment and routines necessary for efficient and safe use, storage and maintenance

Some of our customers have been able to go from 8 to 10 suppliers down to 1 - translating into cost savings of up to 40-50%. For one vessel, this could be thousands of dollars annually, and for a whole fleet, the cost savings can be dramatic. This is achieved through:

One contact for worldwide supply of spares & gases

All service and calibration can be done on site.

Reductions of instrument types from 10-12 to 2-3

Reduced maintenance costs through:

On board calibration

Fewer instruments on board

No need for spares on board

One PO per year

Increased safety

Less use of administrative time

